README.md, before:

# AutoDeafen-Linux

This repository was forked from https://github.com/Lynxdeer/AutoDeafen.
It was made to work on Linux systems, which can't use discord hotkeys since they run through Proton in a sandboxed environment.

## Installation

### Auto Installation (Recommended)

- Go to releases and grab the 'install.sh' file
- Simply run it and finish the installation

### Manual Installation

- You need to [Build Vencord from source](https://docs.vencord.dev/installing/) and add the the AutoDeafen plugin (This will not work without Vencord!)
- Once you got that, enable the newly added plugin and restart your Discord client
- You obviously need the [Geode Modloader](https://geode-sdk.org/) 
- After you got all that done, manually install the geode mod by placing it into the mods directory

That should be it and you can now use the Auto-Deafen feature on Linux!

## Video Tutorial (OUTDATED):

~~https://youtu.be/We8-3v6DGK0~~

## Credits

Credits to Lynxdeer for the original repository

## Notes

I will not upload this to the official Geode store, as I don't think it would get approved since this requires usage of a third-party plugin as well.

If you still come across any issues while installing, please dm @snytexx on Discord.

Commit message:

Update README with note on install.sh issues
Added a note regarding issues with the install.sh file.

README.md, after:

# AutoDeafen-Linux

This repository was forked from https://github.com/Lynxdeer/AutoDeafen.
It was made to work on Linux systems, which can't use discord hotkeys since they run through Proton in a sandboxed environment.

## Installation

### Auto Installation (Recommended)

**Note:** As of right now (20.01.2026), the install.sh file seems to not work for some users. I highly recommend either manually installing Vencord or waiting for a fix

- Go to releases and grab the 'install.sh' file
- Simply run it and finish the installation

### Manual Installation

- You need to [Build Vencord from source](https://docs.vencord.dev/installing/) and add the the AutoDeafen plugin (This will not work without Vencord!)
- Once you got that, enable the newly added plugin and restart your Discord client
- You obviously need the [Geode Modloader](https://geode-sdk.org/) 
- After you got all that done, manually install the geode mod by placing it into the mods directory

That should be it and you can now use the Auto-Deafen feature on Linux!

## Video Tutorial (OUTDATED):

~~https://youtu.be/We8-3v6DGK0~~

## Credits

Credits to Lynxdeer for the original repository

## Notes

I will not upload this to the official Geode store, as I don't think it would get approved since this requires usage of a third-party plugin as well.

If you still come across any issues while installing, please dm @snytexx on Discord.
